=> Q: Create high-level user stories for the 3 core features.

1. Customer adding items to cart and checking out:

The user must be logged in as a Customer. The user may navigate the store "aisles" by clicking on the appropriate link from the drop-down list in the nav bar. Clicking on an 
item from the aisle will open a page that gives additional information about that item, and prompt the user to enter the quantity of said item to be added to the cart. 
Clicking on "Cancel" will close this page. Clicking on the "Add to Cart" button will display the image, the price, and the quantity of the added item in the "Your Cart" page. 
From the cart page, the user may modify the quantity of each item in their cart, or remove it completely using the buttons in the row of each item. The "Clear Cart" button 
will remove all items from the cart, and the "Checkout" button begins the checkout process. This process beings by calculating and displaying the total price of the items 
in the cart, and the user may confirm or cancel their order using the provided buttons. Cancelling leads the user to the cart page, with the items intact in their cart. 
Checking out first ensures that enough of the desired items exist in the database, prompting the user to modify the quantity of items which surpass that amount. If there 
are no issues, a popup displays a thank-you message and removes the amount of items purchased from the database.


2. Seller adding item to their shop:

As a seller, I want to add a new item to my shop so that I can sell it online through the website. I am ready to sell a new merchandise that does not already exist in my online
store. To do that, I would like to first be able to click on the "Add a Product" button. Then, I want to be able to enter the name of the product as well as the price at which I 
want to sell it at. Afterwards, I want to add a text description of my new item to explain the details of the product, what is included, etc. as well as images to 
showcase what my product looks like. If there are variations of my product such as different colours and/or sizes, I would like to be able to include them in the same page as
well. Finally, I would like to have the option to click on an "Edit" button, so that I can change my product listing in the future if ever I want to.


3. A user creating an account :

The user can only be able to purchase if he is registered on the app and logged in. For that, new users must create an account through a sign-up button that will allow them to 
register their email address and password of choice. Once the user clicks on sign-up, an email confirmation will be sent to them with a link to confirm their identity and that 
they are legitimately using their email address. This will prevent bots and fraudulent users from creating fake accounts. Once the user’s account is created and verified, the 
user is now considered logged in and is able to make purchases on the app.  


4. An owner/employee adding an employee :

An owner or employee of the company should be able to add new employees to the company. To do this, the company agent would need to navigate to the backend of the company and access 
the list of all current users. There will be two separate lists. One list to record all customer accounts, and a separate list to record all of the employee accounts. To add a new
employee to the employee list, there should be an "Add Employee" button available in the employee list. An employee name and email address would need to be provided to complete the
process of adding the new employee. 


